# AWS Chatbot Challenge
How many hours in a day does a parent have to filter the digital content and ‘Trust but Verify’ their children are communicating within acceptable guidelines.  Would your ‘mamma’ let a stranger call the house and talk to you when you were a kid?

**MotherBot** – Enable Parents or Parental guardians to manage the monitoring of the digital presence of those children under age 18, while providing an appropriate level of privacy and respect.  The AWS Chat Bot allows various communication channels to be added to a child’s laptop or mobile devices with the primary purpose of monitoring of content, verify the identity of the individual connections and provide trending statistics to anticipate edge-cases of how these communications tools are used.

Workflows replicate several key components that a Parent might perform on a social media contact that their child may have, such as verify the name of the individual or address where they live.  In the past, talking with other parents in the community provides a ‘Herd mentality’ approach to validating contacts as a protection function. ‘Googling’ the individuals of interest usually identify red-flags immediately if there are any issue to be concerned with about those individuals that are known to the parent.  

MotherBot creates this self-service administration platform for private networks to grant access, while leveraging the benefits of a high availability and accessibility infrastructure via AWS.  It can provide a self-service verification process to those new contacts by describing the steps needed for contacts to be added and exactly what type of monitoring will be performed after it is completed.  It can also be integrated into Public Search to verify the matching results.  Once permissions are granted, it can continue to monitor communication transactions as a proxy and deliver notifications if context thresholds are exceeded for things like appropriateness or dialect.

Kids will be kids, but now they can be safe and enriched by providing the parents more time to be parents instead of data detectives.  
